



San Francisco Jury Finds Walsh Guilty of Drugging, Domestic Abuse & Intentional Infliction of Emotional Harm

















































Chappaqua Poison



Home
About
Evidence
S♥️E
Brie
Press
Donate


Twitter
Facebook
RSS





February 22, 2022
San Francisco Jury Finds Walsh Guilty of Drugging, Domestic Abuse & Intentional Infliction of Emotional Harm





Four years of denials and delay culminated in a five day trial in San Francisco the week of February 14, 2022. After deliberating over the Presidents Day Weekend, the jury ruled on the causes of action before it including battery, domestic abuse and more.Did Tara Walsh "Drug" Stephen Russell repeatedly and commit "Battery?" YESDid Tara Walsh commit "Domestic Abuse" against Mr. Russell?YESWas Tara Walsh's conduct "Outrageous?"YESThe judgment included loss, suffering and punitive damages totaling around $400,000 though the number could go higher. Still pending from the Court is a separate finding regarding Walsh's attempts to avoid a mental health evaluation and the filing of false claims against Mr. Russell. Ms. Walsh's counter claims were dismissed "with prejudice."The New York Courts have declined to comment on the ruling, or the kidnapping Mr. Russell's daughter from San Francisco. While the trial of Ms. Walsh was pending, the Westchester Court elected to accept Walsh's version of events despite the overwhelming evidence to the contrary."We are very pleased with the verdict and expect Judge Schauer and the Westchester Court to take judicial notice of the ruling. The facts in this case have always been very clear for those willing to look. A judgment like this doesn't leave much room for interpretation," said Mr. Russell, adding "It's never too late to do the right thing."



220303 Judgment
Judgement in February 2022 Trial: Russell v. Walsh

220303 Judgment.pdf
1 MB



download-circle








Author
Chappaqua Poison
Read more posts by this author.









© Chappaqua Poison
Design by HTML5 UP
Published with Ghost












