Subject: Book 1 Notes
From: "Kelly Turnure" <kturnure@pm.me>
To: "Stephen Russell" <Sgrussell@pm.me>
Date: Mon, 17 Feb 2020 19:03:59 +0000

Attached: 1) Kiara text about being drugged (name needs to be obfuscated) 2) Tara text to Zar about fake crying 3) Restraining order / Mediation&nbsp; 4) Text of Tara begging you to marry her Slide 25: Maybe include what they are? “At that time, Tara was prescribed daily doses of 90mg of Adderall, 100mg of Seroquel, and had previously been prescribed other antipsychotics such as Ablify, Geodon, Tetragol, and Lamictil.” Slide 27: Another paragraph as a segue to her family abuse? “The trauma Brie references has to do with the abuse they suffered at the hands of their parents growing up. She often writes about that experience in her blog.” Slide 47 : It’s helpful to show Tara’s words here. They are worse than one would think reading the summary. The text to Zar is attached.&nbsp; Insert After Uber slide 117 : Tara trying to marry you and faking a pregnancy: 1A)&nbsp;“Tara became even more fixated on marrying Steve and used a fake pregnancy to manipulate him into a proposal. She texted her friend, Rashmi, the next day,&nbsp;“I think he knows I’m not actually pregnant” 1B) [photo of text] 2A) Tara also used Evie as leverage. “You just don’t get it - if you did, I wouldn’t need to marry you like a pathetic person.” “But mostly your just letting Evie down - she deserved a father who loved their mother -she deserved a solid man who didn’t give up.” “Your messing her up for the rest of her life bc you think you deserve better.” 2B) Photo of text thread.&nbsp; Insert After slide 123: &nbsp; 1A)Tara has since admitted in open court to surreptitiously drugging Steve with her antipsychotic medication, Seroquel.&nbsp; 1B) Photo of admission&nbsp; Slide 124: Zar text to Tara during this time, “If you can’t deal with it later .. you can give her up for adoption” Slide 131 : Restraining order attached - Mediation recommended by SF court Insert After Slide 132: - you should have the photos 1A &amp; B) ‘Bastard going down’ email to Matan across two pages. Bottom right &nbsp;”- Tara emails Matan the day after being served with the restraining order” 2A) Tara also reached out to Steve’s mother, Linda, asking him to reconsider. “I still love Steve and want to be a family, but now he has scared me and I’m not ready to get inpatient treatment - it could be used against me.” 2B) Photo of that text.&nbsp; Slide 132: Meanwhile Steve Russell and Tara’s father, Steve Walsh, are discussing conditions allowing the trip and the expectation for Evie to return to San Francisco “before the end of the month.” Switch Order (Slides 140/141 with 142/143) New slide 142: “Tara tried one more time to execute her plan to get Steve to eventually marry her. When he focused on her treatment rather than their romantic relationship, she filed a temporary order of protection and custody petition in Westchester the day before she was supposed to return to San Francisco.&nbsp; She sent these text messages the night before she filed the order of protection. New Slide 143: Photo of her asking that you not be done with the relationship.&nbsp; Slide 146: Take out the part about ‘confirmation’