Subject: Kelly Blog
From: "SGR" <sgrussell@pm.me>
To: <kturnure@pm.me>
Date: Sat, 21 Dec 2019 06:54:25 +0000

Token Woman Personal Blog of Kelly Turnure Professional Blog relating to Bit Coin, Tech Women’s issues, but mostly inspiration by example Who is Kelly? Every Woman - Uber Woman - Midwest - Put self through school - Waitress / Beach Blanket Babylon Africa - Microfinance - Helping Women Banker / VC - I-Banking - Patents - Blockchain VC Sex in the City - Hot - Under Pre-Steve kinds of Topics Covered: Family Stuff: - Mom’s robotics stuff - Dad’s carpentry - Some goofy family stuff. Africa / Microfinance - Some posts summarizing trip and work - Links to key people known there and issues San Francisco Stuff - Beach Blanket Babylon’s final Year Stuff - Shout outs to any of girl friends - Making fun of Sales Force Tower Women in Tech - Women stuff but not super generic (no #MeToo stuff, no political stuff) - Some stories told in a funny and light hearted way if possible that establish stuff happened to you. - Crisis that let you wanting to start own think. Secret Idea - News, Music, Kanye, ML, etc…some odd posts about that. - Manage Steven and go get funds. Dating - Generally establish yourself as a good girl with a tight ass, who is mostly a tease - Struggles with men and what that line is. But low on hating. - Yes I will sleep with you for the job…then whatever. Key takeaways about Kelly from Pre-Steve Blog - She is a normal chick from the midwest. - She is an exceptional chick well along the path of having it all. - Her problems seem to be the transition to a new company she is starting… - And trying to create a live work balance. - Honest…about some things folks don’t exactly always talk about…authentic. Transitional Blog Topics Company Starting Issues Tech dinners and meet ups … really just meat ups. Kind of met someone…had a moment…cause I was handling self well. Mutual respect. Some other Post. Ghosted Part 1: Goodie the guy is in NY…we kissed…might have been something there. He disappears…another date?…what a douche….moving on. New York fun with Phil etc… Ghosted Part 2: It’s just dinner. Asked me to dinner. Hoooked up…then Disappeared. In mom’s basement. So fun…know I would see again. 2nd Date: Broke his stool…recovered…great fun…ghosted…what the fuck is going on. AND has a baby!!…WTF Very cute baby…but NO ONE KNEW about it. Yikes. Bummer. Moving on. Some post about comapny. Goin to a Ranch with Adeo…drugs asteroids and shirtless entrepreneurs. Whoops…Ghosted in the House…he brought a date. Last night everyone did drugs except Steve and I so we had a conversation. Woudln’t even known they were together. Followed him around. He kept moving and I could tell that he wanted to talk, but moving on. —- First Pause in Transcribing — More to Come Beginning of Blog ( Blend of Past and Present) - Once per week something from the past is transcribed. - And something from the present is documented. - Create a kind fo creative tension. The Bad News: - He had a baby. Feb 2018 Went to dinner. The mother has some problems. Apparently the family is x, y, z and he his having her come out to do his best to give it a go. Did not sound optimistic. Good luck with that dude. Some…do the right thing BS. Whatever…moving on. - We had dinner a few times, funny insightful, and listened really well. What a frigging bummer. He would say these things that were like wisdom bombs. The last dinner was just before his baby mamma arrived. - Book Club Company Advice: - Adeo and Steve supposed to be having a dinner so figured I would get help with my company but arrived it was just Steve. Was great. Advice great. Obviously still some hint of chemistry and he seemed happy to be out of the house. she texts 100 times…was with her friend. Apparently she had tried to fly someone into beat Steve up. Yikes. He stopped that but agreed to let guy named Jessie, who used to work for Mikey Rourke come out. Taked about my business but he had to leave early because the drama level was too hight.. - Holly Shiti She was caught drugging him and was diagnosed BPD. She is Gone Girl. This will not end well. She attempts to flee without her kid and get a restraining order, but refuses to move out. Wants to get married. He agrees that she can take a 2-3 week vacation to see parents while he get s her moved into a new place. Kind of being a whip, and I can tell it is going to bite him. Did we just become best friends? - She is gone. Life is good, for a moment and we starting hanging out all the time. - Steven meet Stephen: Great advice, but we may have some things to work on . - Lawyer want him to press charges, but he waiting to see how she does with doctors and returns before deciding. - She dn return. Sad for him but yay! Holly Shit I am dating abuser or like Harvey Weinstein Jr? Only way not to return was the accuse Steve of hitting her. Holy shit she was keeping a “mental health Journal”. Holly shiit, he was dating Gone Girl I need to get out of here or I am going to be her next target I am pretty sure. But if she is Gone Girl…they I am Emily Radjowski! I will take it. Next Months with Each other Non-Stop pretty Amazing. Get to know each other very well in crisis. Everything happening very quickly. He misses is daughter and can’t believe let her leave the state. Unshorn Tower Come up with a fun idea watching the Tower complete. Uncut Tower…Unshorn Tower Our Apartment is leaning … roll a ball. Steven Bails…company on pause. Talking to Cops and DA Tara admitted to drugging Steve. Multiple Times. He had toxicology tests for Lithium and Seroquel, but also instances where the more powerful stuff seemed to have been put in his food or drink like LSD. I am learning about Tara attempting to get him committed, but the Cops and DA take it a bit slow. Tara would secretly videotape Steve when he was drugged and the cops and DA are apparently worried that he’s not a sympathetic enough victim. Want more evidence. Mission to Chappaqua: Steve is a great dad. Tara’s family is trainwreck. Grandma cried continuously for the entire time we were with Brought Nanny so we could have a visit at the BnB 5 minutes from the compound. Turns out Tara’s dad is some world destroying finance guy. Drexel partner who was subprime mortgage trader. Looks like someone with a chip on his shoulder. Ruined kids, then adopted two Korean girls. After the visit…Steve Walsh didn’t feel comfortable with more visits. For some reason the Westchester Court really values his opinion. We head out and life becomes nomal. Time OFF / Fighting Ring / Helping Start Fund Visits Summary. All Great. Except for Walsh Family craziness. We get air let out of our tires. Our Apt broken into. Someone set off a Raid Canister in our vents. All after we reported the family following us around town and the father baring Steve and the court Nanny at the gate. Action? Court through out all the reports that said the visit had been awsome. Just threw them out. Said they had been “tainted” by snarky emails between the legal teams. Starting over. Good News: We found out that the supervisors had never seen the snarky emails, there is strict Chinese Wall preventing the Walsh family awefulness from influencing the outcome. Affadavits are signed. Woo hoo! We can finally be done with circus and get back to life. Bad News Judge didn’t want to hear the memos. The reports were out. Starting over. 5 Months Later Elias Goodzeit and Delia Story The Alpha and the Omega Delia Told the Judge off. Apparently her husband is on some DNC committee involved in picking Judges. Vote Fraudsters. Steve took one look at him, picked up the phone, talked to him and then wrote a follow up email that Elias had voluntarily agreed to stop down. From all future work including chidden I hope. 2nd from Mt. Vernon board of Trusties. The first was a woman named Delia F. Who was running for mayor. I guess these appointments that pay $100-200 per hour to babysit a child with a parent are reserved for the politicians and not actually child care workers. Steve then is allowed to take visits withe a woman named Claudette La Melle. She was recommended by the Judge 5 months earlier. It took 5 months of a 16 months to “vet” her name and 4 others, though only one phone call was actually made. Great visit. Lots of pictures Taken. Evie loves Steve. And kinds likes me too I am pretty sure. Between Steve and the Court I am limited in what time I can spend with her, but Evie is he own person and always find a way to track me down. So much fun. But then…. Night Time craziness… Incident with Collette. Well on the bright side no way the court can ignore this one. They ignored it. “Dr.” Griffin Report: 2 minutes into looking at DG, we could tell something was up. He looked like a con man. Not a doctor.. Not a PHd. It was so hokey and odd that we called the place he was supposedly affiliated with…they had never heard of him. Lost his license…fled town… …. Whistleblowers How was this missed for 30 years. The guys was so obvious. No comment on this from the court. Abuse / Bruises Tara Videos / Losing the Restraining Order - Finally a Hearing Suddenly a Rush. To get this thing done. Court just found out Steve is a whistleblower on Westchester Court Corruption. The fact that everyone is keeping silent about the fake Dr. Who whitewashed Tara’s drug and alcohol problems. Holy shit, they outed a whistleblower. Holly Shitr Winning the Permanent Restraining Order against Tara…maybe this will turn things around. Nope Judge Resigned. New Judge is even more famously…bad…shall we say. She is demanding that the experts reports be completed without hearing the evidence on Walsh abuse or the forgery of a bunch of docs submitted by Tara and will not even inform him of the dismissal and de-licensing of Dr. Griffin. Huge Liability. So, at this point, looks like a mistrial and appeal. Hope Evie is not stuck with the Walsh family much longer. Evidence from Steve’s cases now shows it was really planned from the start extortion, kidnapping, so my hope is they will now take notice. (Optional - Trip to Reno) Great weekend…got poisoned. Steve a lot worse than me. Living with Steve has it’s problems. He has a crazy baby mama and is fighting court cases in multiple states. We are continuously followed by PIs and al manner of nuttiness ensues. I had heard him talk about being drugged but had never experienced it until we visit his home hear Tahoe. No one had been there for about a year and the place was stocked with items from the home at the time he and Tara were together, but we drank the wine anyway. Big mistake. We both got very ill assuming we were having an allergic reaction. A text came in from someone we did not expect asking if I was pregnant. I was, but in the process of miscarrying. Steve and I headed back to SF for court becoming sicker and sicker, not knowing why. We got tested. We both had way beyond too much of a drug Called mycophenolic acid in our system. That is a is an immunosuprscent used in Kidney Transplants. Neither of us had ever herd of it. Steve was 10x the safe range. The highest test the treating agency had ever had. The number one side effect of this drug is miscarriages, but it also allows for every infection in you olds and new to come bubbling up. If we hadn’t taken the test we did it might have simply looked like we had Lyme disease or Epstein Barr. Well at least we know why Steve thought he had Lyme disease in late 2016 - Early 2017 after Tara had visited with him then returned to NY. Steve’s doctors stated that were so sorry that they didn’t catch it before. The top doctors had all diagnosed hims with Lyme, or Babesia or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. None could imagine a person doing that to another person. That it was so clever, because it might simply look like mold exposure. Steve’s mother says…”oh I knew something was up” “Tara kept calling me at that time to ask how Steve was doing, but she was always asking in a weird way, like she expected something bad to be happening. I prepared an affidavit and am going to talk to the police. It is crazy that they did not just arrest Tara when they the evidence to do so. Maybe now that I have lost a child they will take it seriously.