Subject: Fw: Lithium in My System
From: "Steve Russell" <sgrussell@pm.me>
To: "'Chesnut Katherine'" <katherine@advocatellp.com>
Date: Tue, 07 Aug 2018 01:17:39 +0000

Sent with ProtonMail Secure Email. ‐‐‐‐‐‐‐ Original Message ‐‐‐‐‐‐‐ On July 23, 2018 2:32 PM, Steve Russell &lt;sgrussell@pm.me&gt; wrote: (Gopal BCC)&nbsp; Sgt. Caraway, Previously, I sent you a test I had done roughly around the second time Tara moved in with me in March 2017. The test showed off-the-charts Lithium in my system, but I had never taken nor had I access to any Lithium. The results baffled my doctors at the time. I had asked Tara if she was on Lithium or had access to any after getting my test results, thinking I might have taken it by accident, but she said no categorically. Going through our photos preparing for court, however, I found a small number of phone screenshots that were synced amongst the other family photo backup we did after Evie came home to SF. I am attaching one that shows a fragment of a conversation between Tara and her 12 year old sister Kiara in May 2017 talking about Dr. Faeda the family psychiatrist providing Lithium scripts to the mother and now to the 12 year old sister, as well, though it's hard to tell the exact meaning given how fragmented and short the text exchange is. Tara never mentioned this to me, but normally something like this would have been a big topic of conversation for her even beyond the obvious mystery of why I had so much Lithium in my system. Tara when she was 12-13 was put on very hard drugs by her Mom and Psych and ultimately was sent away to an institution at ~14. Tara saw and talked often of a similar dynamic being played out with her 12 year old adopted sister Kiara. Recently the parents even called the police on the 12 year old because she had "threatened the father with a knife" which Tara saw as history repeating. I view this as significant because it's a clearer tie between a test and drug Tara had access to and it shows that she was likely drugging me without my knowledge all the way back in early 2017. Dr. Gopal should be able to show consistency between my symptoms and Seroquel, but none of my toxicology tests included that drug. The other item that has come up relates to Tara's NY boyfriend before, during, and after our relationship. His name is Matan Gavish. Matan runs a Krav Maga training gym in Manhattan and boasts what looks to be a pretty impressive background with the IDF and special forces. He works with the NYPD and others now providing close quarters combat training. Jesse Ozari, 914-774-2351, Tara's best friend, let me know that Tara had solicited Matan to come out and "beat me up." Beyond that, Jesse is the only one of Tara's family and friends who actually came to visit us when Tara was having her worst delusional episodes and the family asked me to get her help. He saw the situation first hand and I think he would be a good balanced witness for you though I don't know for sure since we have not talked in over a month when he shared the item about Matan. The last item I will share has to do with a range of accusations and journal entries from Tara made in the last court dump. They are intended to cast me as a nut job and punish me for pursuing charges against her, but also do a good job documenting a timeline of episodes where I felt drugged and had a panic attack or took adderal to avoid becoming unconscious out or went to the emergency room or threw up or spent the night obsessively looking for any explanation other than Tara for why I felt drugged. Beyond the timeline aspect, I was struck by the tone and twisting of facts. If I had been simply suffering some kind of mental illness or breakdown, I might have expected a tiny bit of empathy from someone with Tara's background, but instead the notes are just oozing with spite and mischaracterization. For example, in one of them she documents a night I became very ill and threw up in the bathroom then again while in the shower. I had no idea why I became so ill so quickly. &nbsp;It was not normal. I have not thrown up like that in years outside of food poisoning which I don't believe I had. Tara never spoke to me about what happened but I now discover she did go through the trouble of documenting the event in her "mental health journal." She writes that she found a large quantity of "feces" in the shower and that I "presumably" to cover up "spy cameras."&nbsp; Hope this helps, Steve