CRITICAL ADMISSION EMAIL - Tara Walsh to Counsel
Date: January 30, 2020
From: Tara Walsh (tarawalsh0127@gmail.com)
To: Omar Rodriguez and Ned Gelhaar (Counsel for Stephen Russell)
Subject: Settlement - Russell v Walsh, Case No. CGC-18-570137

FULL EMAIL TEXT:

All,

I assume you have seen the ruling from the NY Supreme Court granting my motion to dismiss. They demonstrated some pretty good laws, some of which are applicable to California as well.

I have no interest in going through this process with your client and he knows I have no money. Primarily, it is not in our daughter's best interest to find out about this from the internet when she gets older.

I did no wrong to your client and he knows that. There is no cause or reason I would want to harm him- in fact only the exact opposite. **The two times I have openly admitted to putting Seroquel in his wine, Steve was not even working.** Less than two weeks later when I admitted to doing so Steve told me he "understood" and was not "mad". He also took the medication every night in addition to my Adderall (including frequently stealing it). I don't even know what the damages he suffered would be for.

I would like to settle this thing or at least go through the arbitration process. If Steve wants me to sign something that I will not ever distribute the videos/pictures I have of him I am more than happy to do so. I do not ask for anything in return for the harms he has caused me- I would rather just move forward in my life.

Thank you,

Tara

---

SIGNIFICANCE:
This email contains an explicit written admission by Tara Walsh that she "openly admitted" to putting the prescription drug Seroquel in Stephen Russell's wine. This is critical evidence of intentional poisoning. The admission is documented in an official legal correspondence in the context of settlement negotiations in the civil case Russell v Walsh (Case No. CGC-18-570137).

KEY QUOTE:
"The two times I have openly admitted to putting Seroquel in his wine, Steve was not even working."

Date of Communication: January 30, 2020
Forwarding Counsel Email: February 5, 2020 (from Ned Gelhaar to S Grant Russell)

CONTEXT:
- This email was sent to opposing counsel (Enenstein Law)
- It confirms multiple instances of Seroquel administration ("the two times")
- The admission is made in the context of settlement discussions
- It documents that the recipient (Steve) acknowledged knowing about this ("understood" and was not "mad")
